README.md, before:

# Homework-2-Advanced-CSS-Portfolio-MLL
The objective of this homework was to create a responsive, colorful portfolio for my future projects using HTML and CSS. The design was intended to mimic the design of the page in the homework instructions, with dynamic styling based on where the mouse cursor is at any given time.

## What was done
To accomplish this, I planned out my design ahead of time before coding any HTML. Some reworking had to be done once I coded my first solutions but the main ideas remained.

The header contains my name, a profile picture of myself, and a navigation bar with links to the different sections of the page. When a user hovers over the links, the items change background color and the mouse cursor changes as well. These utilize pseudo elements.

Below the header is a background image, stretched to fit the entire width of the page. This is a photo I took myself. The intent is that the subtitle, "Welcome to my page!" will stay on the screen and in front of that image when the screen becomes smaller.

Next, in the main section we have our section headers on the left, and the content to the right. The content is intended to be responsive to the size of the browser screen using flexbox, and should move and align fluidly and intuitively. When the user hovers over an image, the image becomes less opaque and the mouse cursor changes. Later these will link to actual projects.
At the botom of this section are two links: email and github. These also change their appearance like the header links.

Finally, I centered the footer.

The web page is hosted on github and can be found [here](https://mat-lundin.github.io/Homework-2-Advanced-CSS-Portfolio-MLL/)

Commit message:

added media query and updated the readme with its intent

README.md, after:

# Homework-2-Advanced-CSS-Portfolio-MLL
The objective of this homework was to create a responsive, colorful portfolio for my future projects using HTML and CSS. The design was intended to mimic the design of the page in the homework instructions, with dynamic styling based on where the mouse cursor is at any given time.

## What was done
To accomplish this, I planned out my design ahead of time before coding any HTML. Some reworking had to be done once I coded my first solutions but the main ideas remained.

The header contains my name, a profile picture of myself, and a navigation bar with links to the different sections of the page. When a user hovers over the links, the items change background color and the mouse cursor changes as well. These utilize pseudo elements. The profile picture is intended to expand to fit the header as it grows in height as the screen gets smaller in width, via the media query at the bottom.

Below the header is a background image, stretched to fit the entire width of the page. This is a photo I took myself. The intent is that the subtitle, "Welcome to my page!" will stay on the screen and in front of that image when the screen becomes smaller.

Next, in the main section we have our section headers on the left, and the content to the right. The content is intended to be responsive to the size of the browser screen using flexbox, and should move and align fluidly and intuitively. When the user hovers over an image, the image becomes less opaque and the mouse cursor changes. Later these will link to actual projects.
At the botom of this section are two links: email and github. These also change their appearance like the header links.

Finally, I centered the footer.

The web page is hosted on github and can be found [here](https://mat-lundin.github.io/Homework-2-Advanced-CSS-Portfolio-MLL/)
